Adding basic example for octopus.server admin (#1261)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/octopus.server.exe-command-line/admin.md

      --help                 Show detailed help for this command
```

## Basic example

> This example will add/udate the administrator account with the username of OctoAdmin

Author: ```suggestion

This example will add or update the administrator account with the username of `OctoAdmin`:
```
